CONTRIBUTING.md, before:

# Contributing

If you have a usage question pertaining to Mapbox Android Services, or any of our other products, contact us through [our support page](https://www.mapbox.com/contact/).

If you want to contribute code:

1. Please familiarize yourself with the [install process](INSTALL.md).

2. Ensure that existing [pull requests](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-java/pulls) and [issues](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-java/issues) don’t already cover your contribution or question.

3. Pull requests are gladly accepted. If there are any changes that developers should be aware of, please update the [change log](CHANGELOG.md)

# Code of conduct
Everyone is invited to participate in Mapbox’s open source projects and public discussions: we want to create a welcoming and friendly environment. Harassment of participants or other unethical and unprofessional behavior will not be tolerated in our spaces. The [Contributor Covenant](http://contributor-covenant.org) applies to all projects under the Mapbox organization and we ask that you please read [the full text](http://contributor-covenant.org/version/1/2/0/).

You can learn more about our open source philosophy on [mapbox.com](https://www.mapbox.com/about/open/).

Commit message:

added requirement to use checkstyle in contributing file

CONTRIBUTING.md, after:

# Contributing

If you have a usage question pertaining to Mapbox Android Services, or any of our other products, contact us through [our support page](https://www.mapbox.com/contact/).

If you want to contribute code:

1. Please familiarize yourself with the [install process](INSTALL.md).

2. Ensure that existing [pull requests](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-java/pulls) and [issues](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-java/issues) don’t already cover your contribution or question.

3. Pull requests are gladly accepted. If there are any changes that developers should be aware of, please update the [change log](CHANGELOG.md)

4. Mapbox uses checkstyle to enforce good Java code standards, Make sure to read the [wiki entry](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-java/wiki/Setting-up-Mapbox-checkstyle) and setup. CI will fail if your PR contains any mistakes. 

# Code of conduct
Everyone is invited to participate in Mapbox’s open source projects and public discussions: we want to create a welcoming and friendly environment. Harassment of participants or other unethical and unprofessional behavior will not be tolerated in our spaces. The [Contributor Covenant](http://contributor-covenant.org) applies to all projects under the Mapbox organization and we ask that you please read [the full text](http://contributor-covenant.org/version/1/2/0/).

You can learn more about our open source philosophy on [mapbox.com](https://www.mapbox.com/about/open/).
